docs: add need to run create-lookup command (#14)
equinor/dm-docs: docs/docs/guides/application-development.md

This must be done every time a modification is done in any file related to a service.

> ## UI recipes
> 
> The UI recipe links are located under `app/data/DemoApplicationDataSource/instances/recipe_links/`. 
> 
> To create lookup table for UI recipes, run:
> 
> ```
> dm create-lookup demo-app DemoApplicationDataSource/instances/recipe_links
> ```
> 
> This must be done every time a modification is done in any recipe link files.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## UiPlugins and UiRecipes

### Adding a UiPlugin
1. Create a folder in `src/plugins`. This will be your plugin, and must have a `index.js`-file that has a default export of the type `export const plugins: TPlugin[]`
2. Add this plugin to the list of plugins to load in `src/plugins.js`
3. Done!

### Using the UiPlugin

Associate a blueprint type with a set of _UiRecipes_ that uses the UiPlugin

1. Create a `CORE:RecipeLink`-entity (see `app/data/DemoApplicationDataSource/instances/recipe_links/demoApp.json` for an example)
2. Create a _lookup_ with the app name and the _RecipeLinks_ for it (DMSS must be running on localhost:5000)
   - `dm create-lookup demo-app DemoApplicationDataSource/instances/recipe_links`
```
